Okay, and I declare
Wan Ting holds the position of Vice President of Night Market Group
Thank you seniors for your recognition of me, Ye Mantian
I will not let you down
With everyone, we will make Ye's products bigger and stronger.
You know what?
This is just one small step towards our prosperity
There is one more crucial thing
Who are you?
Ok let me tell you
You've heard, I'm sure.
Earth Cloud Group
To develop land in Nancheng
The news of building an entertainment city
I can assure you it's true.
This is the information I asked a friend to bring.
Hey it's true
There is also a re-singing of Low Cloud Group on it.
You see
If you cooperate with Low Cloud Group
Then the Ye family will take off
Who can get the ownership of the land in Nancheng?
Anyone can cooperate with Diyun Group
Who can soar
Soaring into the sky this time
Wan Ting is also ready to lead the Ye family
Participate in this auction
Ready to raise a total of 30 billion take the land and
But now all the families ignore him
Especially the Qin family
I heard they're pulling out all their assets.
Go and take the right to rule and use Nancheng
There is no one in our Ye family, and the Qin family is very powerful
What can we do about this?
That's right, fortunately
Earth Cloud Group has not released a clear message
And so we all follow suit.
Therefore, the Qin family must not dare to invest too much
And we are different
We have inside information
It's a must this time
Yeah, great.